some 147 praise the Lord for it is good
some 147 praise the Lord for it is good to sing praises to our God for it is
to sing praises to our God for it is
to sing praises to our God for it is pleasant and praise is beautiful the
pleasant and praise is beautiful the
pleasant and praise is beautiful the Lord builds up Jerusalem he gathers
Lord builds up Jerusalem he gathers
Lord builds up Jerusalem he gathers together the outcasts of Israel he heals
together the outcasts of Israel he heals
together the outcasts of Israel he heals the brokenhearted and binds up their
the brokenhearted and binds up their
the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds he counts the number of the stars
wounds he counts the number of the stars
wounds he counts the number of the stars he calls them all by name great is our
he calls them all by name great is our
he calls them all by name great is our Lord and mighty and power his
Lord and mighty and power his
Lord and mighty and power his understanding is infant the Lord lifts
understanding is infant the Lord lifts
understanding is infant the Lord lifts up the humble he casts the wicked down
up the humble he casts the wicked down
up the humble he casts the wicked down to the ground
to the ground
to the ground sing to the Lord with Thanksgiving sing
sing to the Lord with Thanksgiving sing
sing to the Lord with Thanksgiving sing praises on the harp to our God who
praises on the harp to our God who
praises on the harp to our God who covers the heavens with clouds who
covers the heavens with clouds who
covers the heavens with clouds who prepares rain for the earth who makes
prepares rain for the earth who makes
prepares rain for the earth who makes grass to grow on the mountains he gives
grass to grow on the mountains he gives
grass to grow on the mountains he gives to the Beast its food and to the young
to the Beast its food and to the young
to the Beast its food and to the young Ravens that cry he does not delight in
Ravens that cry he does not delight in
Ravens that cry he does not delight in the strength of the horse he takes no
the strength of the horse he takes no
the strength of the horse he takes no pleasure in the legs of a man the Lord
pleasure in the legs of a man the Lord
pleasure in the legs of a man the Lord takes pleasure and those who fear Him in
takes pleasure and those who fear Him in
takes pleasure and those who fear Him in those who hope in his mercy praise the
those who hope in his mercy praise the
those who hope in his mercy praise the Lord O Jerusalem praise your God o Zion
Lord O Jerusalem praise your God o Zion
Lord O Jerusalem praise your God o Zion for he is strengthen the bars of your
for he is strengthen the bars of your
for he is strengthen the bars of your gates he has blessed your children
gates he has blessed your children
gates he has blessed your children within you he makes peace in your
within you he makes peace in your
within you he makes peace in your borders and fills you with the finest
borders and fills you with the finest
borders and fills you with the finest wheat he sends out his command to the
wheat he sends out his command to the
wheat he sends out his command to the earth his word runs very swiftly he
earth his word runs very swiftly he
earth his word runs very swiftly he gives snow like wool he scatters the
gives snow like wool he scatters the
gives snow like wool he scatters the frost like ashes he casts out his hail
frost like ashes he casts out his hail
frost like ashes he casts out his hail like morsels who can stand before his
like morsels who can stand before his
like morsels who can stand before his cold he sends out his word and melts
cold he sends out his word and melts
cold he sends out his word and melts them he causes his wind to blow and the
them he causes his wind to blow and the
them he causes his wind to blow and the waters flow he declares his word to
waters flow he declares his word to
waters flow he declares his word to Jacob his statutes and his judgments to
Jacob his statutes and his judgments to
Jacob his statutes and his judgments to Israel he is not doubt with us with
Israel he is not doubt with us with
Israel he is not doubt with us with any nation and as for his judgments they
any nation and as for his judgments they
any nation and as for his judgments they have not known them praise the Lord
have not known them praise the Lord
have not known them praise the Lord [Music]